Copyright (c) 2024 [INMORTAL]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
   in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

2. The Software shall not be used for activities that promote hate speech,
   violence, or illegal activities under any jurisdiction where the Software
   is used or distributed.

3. Modifications made to the Software must include a clear and prominent
   notice stating what changes were made, the date of such changes, and the
   author responsible for those changes.

4. Redistribution of the Software, whether modified or unmodified, must
   retain this license in its entirety, including all disclaimers and
   limitations of liability.

5. If the Software is used in a product, an acknowledgment in the product
   documentation or credits is required, stating: "This product includes
   software developed by [Tu Nombre o Nombre del Proyecto]."

6. Use of the Software in sensitive or critical systems, including but not
   limited to medical, military, or aerospace applications, is done entirely
   at the user’s own risk, and the author(s) shall not be held liable for any
   damages arising from such use.

DISCLAIMER:
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

EXTENDED DISCLAIMER:
BY USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE AUTHOR(S)
FROM ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES, OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ATTORNEY FEES, ARISING OUT OF
OR RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR YOUR VIOLATION OF THIS LICENSE.

TERMINATION:
This license is valid until terminated. Any breach of the terms and conditions
outlined herein will result in the immediate revocation of the rights granted
by this license. Upon termination, you must cease all use of the Software and
destroy all copies, modified or unmodified, in your possession.

GOVERNING LAW:
This license shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
[Tu País o Jurisdicción], without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

SEVERABILITY:
If any provision of this license is found to be invalid, illegal, or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions
shall continue in full force and effect.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT:
This license constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect
to the use of the Software and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter.

---

By using, copying, modifying, or distributing the Software, you acknowledge
that you have read and understood the terms of this license and agree to be
bound by them.

[INMORTAL]
Fecha: [2024]
